How did you provoke Yu Yezi's father from the Shangye family?
You know that bastard Ye Feifan
Hahaha Master Feng
Excuse me.
How can we win a prize?
Okay?
Ye Feifan is better than just a waste
Those who can kill Tiger Zhao are just lucky
There is no need to ask Master Feng to take action
I asked Master Feng to come here just to catch Ye Fei
Find the first Changzhi about Taiji Map
Get out of here and die
Ye Feifan
You bastard dare to report our Zhang teacher
Since you're here, don't even think about leaving alive
I'll give you three minutes.
Call me anyone you can
Otherwise
There is only one dead end
Hahaha, because it's white.
You really don't know how to live or die
Just bring two of these stinky fish and rotten shrimp
Rush to the dealer to make trouble
Our Zhang family has vomited dignified in one mouth
Give me this and drown
You can regret it now
So be it.
You kneel on the ground and kowtow three times to Lao Tzu
And then...
I got under the lamp and learned to bark three times
Ha ha.
I can consider how about using the whole earth corpse
Zhao Xiaoju
As long as you know death, just save it
I'll do it for you later.
What are you guys doing playing cards?
Kill him for me